Hello, I consider different methods
different options for doing the exercise
choral
all data for the first step
the options are classic
as shown by different athletes
different competitions
when performing this given technique
this technique each each
in money they showed high results
setting at the same time a record national
start a world
performing exactly this technique 1 day
this option pay attention to
position of
here
the first
the next moment is this me with
dare including
let ok accompanied almost
falls to shoulder level and beyond
produces further has may
He speaks
there is also gone for the athletes quite
ditch accompanying gay
spill
there is also a accompanied chorus but
while not catching up
and guards do the exercises when both
Different Kiryukha close and again
athletes went ahead
have our doing the exercises when
jerk carried out understand codes nodding
also the next option
this exercise is performed by the muscles
we will also consider
yes it is done to god
direction leaned forward
the following is a provision to then
by your attention
position to lead the bath process did not pass
of may be a position
so may be in that position and
the middle of the bow
at the expense of the position. 9 brushes we
there is a weakening of the muscles of any
option roslavl it must breathe
quietly does not strain at the same time guests
bow
why she writes i hold my breath
very important a lot of value
athletes
devote to training or
what